[DRAFT] specs: Introduce VEP-1739 (#1748)
vmware/versatile-data-kit: specs/vep-1739-multiple-python-versions/diagrams/high_level_sequence_plantUML_source.txt

@startuml
actor DataEngineer as engineer
participant ControlService as cs
participant K8sNamespace_DataJobBuilders as namespace
database Database as db
database Registry as ecr

engineer -> cs : vdk create
cs -> db : Register new data job

> cs -> engineer : Download sample data job

Reviewer: The arrow direction indicates that the sender is the Control Service and is asking the user to download sample data job. 

Be careful to use the correct notation (https://www.lucidchart.com/pages/uml-sequence-diagram) 

I would remove it though. "Download sample data job" is not an important step for this proposal.

Author: Removed.

engineer -> engineer : Set <b>python_version</b> in the data job's config.ini
engineer -> cs : vdk deploy
cs -> cs : Read Deployment data
cs -> db : Update data job configuration data

> cs -> ecr : Pull data job base image

Reviewer: Consider using activation to show a group of operation being done together. 

Consider using return arrow when the response is returned and outline use an arrow to indicate when async operation starts (different type of arrows are explained here - https://www.lucidchart.com/pages/uml-sequence-diagram .

Author: Modified the diagram based on the suggestions.

@startuml
actor User as engineer
participant ControlService as cs
participant K8sNamespace_DataJobBuilders as namespace
database Database as db
database Registry as ecr

> engineer -> cs : vdk create
> cs -> db : Register new data job
> engineer -> engineer : Set <b>python_version</b> in the data job's config.ini
> engineer -> cs : vdk deploy
> cs -> cs : Read Deployment data
> cs -> db : Update data job configuration data
> 
> cs -> ecr : Request data job base image
> activate ecr
> cs -> ecr : Request vdk image
> return Return images
> 
> cs -> namespace : Start data job builder

Reviewer: I suggest we remove the create workflow as well, it's not something new.
Let's make where we set the python version explicitly clear. 

Also, it's a good idea to indicate what happens synchronously to the user currently and what happens async. 

basically we store the new requests python version synchronously but then the actual deployment process is async. 

```suggestion
engineer -> engineer : Set <b>python_version</b> in the data job's config.ini
engineer -> cs : vdk deploy
activate cs
cs -> cs : Read Deployment data
cs -> db : Update data job configuration data with specified python version
return deployment started 
deactivate cs

cs ->> cs : Start deployment process (async)
cs -> ecr : Request data job base image with specified python version
activate ecr
cs -> ecr : Request vdk image with specified python version
return Return images

cs -> namespace : Start data job builder
```

Author: Updated the graph, thanks
